
             About the Distribution of the PC Mizar System         

     The distribution of the  PC  Mizar  System  is  supported  by
Mizar Users Group. Below we present the principles of the  Mizar  
distribution  and  the  user declaration.  All persons interested 
in the system may copy it and mail it  to  the address given below.

                PC Mizar System Distribution Principles            

     1. The materials which you receive are  free  of  charge.  We 
intend to continue this policy until the end of the 2003.

     2. We distribute:
        i.   the program PC Mizar and related files,
       ii.  the data base of the Mizar Mathematical Library (MML).

     You will be informed about the availability of new materials.

     3. The PC Mizar system is available on the PC compatibles.

     4. To request a copy  of  the  PC  Mizar  system  you  should 
complete and sign the attached  declaration and mail  to

            Roman MATUSZEWSKI
            Mizar Users Group
            Lasek Brzozowy (street) 15 m.9
            02-792 Warsaw
            POLAND 
                                           fax: +48 (22) 624-03-49
                                        e-mail:    romat@mizar.org
 
    5. The user is kindly requested to communicate all  perceived 
errors to us. Any other comments are also welcome.

    6. Feel free to distribute the system and the declaration  to 
whomever interested in Mizar.  You  should  give  the  Mizar  User 
Declaration to everybody copying the PC Mizar  system.  We  render 
user service only to the persons that have signed the  Mizar  User 
Declaration.

     7. The Mizar System Distribution Principles can  be  changed. 
In this case every user of the PC Mizar system  will  be  properly 
notified.







                         Mizar User Declaration                    


     Please accept me as a user of the PC Mizar system.

     1. I acknowledge that I am acquainted with the principles  of 
the distribution of the PC Mizar System, which are an  inseparable 
part of this declaration.

     2. Name             .....................


     3. Address          .....................


                         .....................


                         .....................


        fax .............  e-mail ..................  


     4. Computer used    .....................

     5. I hereby agree to make my name and address  accessible  to 
other users of the PC Mizar system via materials given to them. 


     As a user of the PC Mizar system I declare that :

     I bind myself not to use  the  Mizar  system  for  commercial 
purposes without a written permission of the authors of PC  Mizar: 
Andrzej Trybulec and Czeslaw Bylinski.


          Mizar Group
          Institute of Mathematics
          University of Bialystok
          ul. Akademicka 2
          15-267 Bialystok, Poland 

    I understand that  the Mizar  Group  does  not  take  any 
responsibility for faults of PC Mizar and losses that  may  result 
from using it.


                                    Date             Signature

